README.md, before:

3D City Database Importer/Exporter Spreadsheet Generator Plugin v2.0

  This program is free software and comes WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY.
  See the DISCLAIMER at the end of this document for more details.  


0. Index
--------

1. License
2. Copyright
3. About
4. Requirements
5. (Un)Installation
6. Developers
7. Contact
8. Websites
9. Disclaimer


1. License
----------

The 3D City Database Importer/Exporter Spreadsheet Generator Plugin is 
free software under the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 3.0. 
See the file LICENSE for more details. For a copy of the GNU Lesser 
General Public License see the files COPYING and COPYING.LESSER 
or visit http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.


2. Copyright
------------

(c) 2012 - 2015  
Chair of Geoinformatics (TUMGI)
Technische Universitaet Muenchen, Germany
http://www.gis.bgu.tum.de


3. About
--------

By using the SPSHG (Spreadsheet Generator) plugin, it is possible to export 
data from a 3D City Database (3DCityDB) instance into tables. Supported 
output formats are Microsoft Excel, CSV, and Google Spreadsheets. 


4. Requirements
---------------

This version of the Spreadsheet Generator Plugin shall only be used with
version 3.0 of the 3D City Database Importer/Exporter. 
It cannot be guaranteed that the extension does correctly work with any
previous or later version of the 3D City Database Importer/Exporter.


5. (Un)Installation
-------------------

The plugin is shipped as a precompiled and ready-to-use JAR package
called "spreadsheet_generator.jar". Following simple steps will guide you 
through the install process:  

* Open the folder that contains your locally installed instance of the
  Importer/Exporter version 3.0.0 (the installation directory).
* Open the plugins subfolder. If it is not available, create a new subfolder
  and name it "plugins". 
* Extract the downloaded zip file in the plugins folder. As a result a new
  folder named "spreadsheet_generator" will be created. The 
  spreadsheet_generator folder will contain all required files and 
  subfolders.
* Run the Importer/Exporter.

If you want to uninstall the Spreadsheet Generator Plugin, simply delete
the "spreadsheet" subfolder and all its contents.


6. Developers
-------------

Zhihang Yao <zhihang.yao@tuml.de>
Thomas H. Kolbe <thomas.kolbe@tu-berlin.de>
(and of the previous version)
Babak Naderi <b.naderi@mailbox.tu-berlin.de>
Javier Herreruela <javier.herreruela@tu-berlin.de>


7. Contact
----------

zhihang.yao@tum.de
thomas.kolbe@tum.de


8. Websites
-----------

Official Spreadsheet Generator Plugin website: 
http://www.3dcitydb.net/

Related websites:
https://github.com/3dcitydb/plugin-spreadsheet-generator
https://www.gis.bgu.tum.de/
http://www.citygml.org/
http://www.citygmlwiki.org/
http://www.opengeospatial.org/standards/citygml


9. Disclaimer
-------------

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CHAIR OF GEOINFORMATICS FROM TU MUNICH
(TUMGI) "AS IS" AND "WITH ALL FAULTS." 
TUMGI MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE 
QUALITY, SAFETY OR SUITABILITY OF THE SOFTWARE, EITHER EXPRESSED OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.

TUMGI MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE TRUTH, ACCURACY OR 
COMPLETENESS OF ANY STATEMENTS, INFORMATION OR MATERIALS CONCERNING THE 
SOFTWARE THAT IS CONTAINED ON AND WITHIN ANY OF THE WEBSITES OWNED AND 
OPERATED BY TUMGI.

IN NO EVENT WILL TUMGI BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, 
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES HOWEVER THEY MAY ARISE AND EVEN IF 
TUMGI HAVE BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Commit message:

moving to Apache 2.0 license
moving to Apache 2.0 license

README.md, after:

3D City Database Importer/Exporter Spreadsheet Generator Plugin v2.0

  This program is free software and comes WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY.
  See the DISCLAIMER at the end of this document for more details.  


0. Index
--------

1. License
2. Copyright
3. About
4. Requirements
5. (Un)Installation
6. Developers
7. Contact
8. Websites
9. Disclaimer


1. License
----------

The 3D City Database Importer/Exporter Spreadsheet Generator Plugin is 
licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0]
(http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0). 
See the `LICENSE` file for more details.

Note that releases of the software before version 3.3.0 continue to be 
licensed under GNU LGPL 3.0. To request a previous release of the 
3D City Database Importer/Exporter Spreadsheet Generator Plugin under 
Apache License 2.0 create a GitHub issue.


2. Copyright
------------

(c) 2012 - 2016
Chair of Geoinformatics (TUMGI)
Technische Universitaet Muenchen, Germany
http://www.gis.bgu.tum.de


3. About
--------

By using the SPSHG (Spreadsheet Generator) plugin, it is possible to export 
data from a 3D City Database (3DCityDB) instance into tables. Supported 
output formats are Microsoft Excel, CSV, and Google Spreadsheets. 


4. Requirements
---------------

This version of the Spreadsheet Generator Plugin shall only be used with
version 3.0 of the 3D City Database Importer/Exporter. 
It cannot be guaranteed that the extension does correctly work with any
previous or later version of the 3D City Database Importer/Exporter.


5. (Un)Installation
-------------------

The plugin is shipped as a precompiled and ready-to-use JAR package
called "spreadsheet_generator.jar". Following simple steps will guide you 
through the install process:  

* Open the folder that contains your locally installed instance of the
  Importer/Exporter version 3.0.0 (the installation directory).
* Open the plugins subfolder. If it is not available, create a new subfolder
  and name it "plugins". 
* Extract the downloaded zip file in the plugins folder. As a result a new
  folder named "spreadsheet_generator" will be created. The 
  spreadsheet_generator folder will contain all required files and 
  subfolders.
* Run the Importer/Exporter.

If you want to uninstall the Spreadsheet Generator Plugin, simply delete
the "spreadsheet" subfolder and all its contents.


6. Developers
-------------

Zhihang Yao <zhihang.yao@tuml.de>
Thomas H. Kolbe <thomas.kolbe@tu-berlin.de>
(and of the previous version)
Babak Naderi <b.naderi@mailbox.tu-berlin.de>
Javier Herreruela <javier.herreruela@tu-berlin.de>


7. Contact
----------

zhihang.yao@tum.de
thomas.kolbe@tum.de


8. Websites
-----------

Official Spreadsheet Generator Plugin website: 
http://www.3dcitydb.net/

Related websites:
https://github.com/3dcitydb/plugin-spreadsheet-generator
https://www.gis.bgu.tum.de/
http://www.citygml.org/
http://www.citygmlwiki.org/
http://www.opengeospatial.org/standards/citygml


9. Disclaimer
-------------

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CHAIR OF GEOINFORMATICS FROM TU MUNICH
(TUMGI) "AS IS" AND "WITH ALL FAULTS." 
TUMGI MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE 
QUALITY, SAFETY OR SUITABILITY OF THE SOFTWARE, EITHER EXPRESSED OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.

TUMGI MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE TRUTH, ACCURACY OR 
COMPLETENESS OF ANY STATEMENTS, INFORMATION OR MATERIALS CONCERNING THE 
SOFTWARE THAT IS CONTAINED ON AND WITHIN ANY OF THE WEBSITES OWNED AND 
OPERATED BY TUMGI.

IN NO EVENT WILL TUMGI BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, 
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES HOWEVER THEY MAY ARISE AND EVEN IF 
TUMGI HAVE BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
